
We think the unsub might have his home base on the Gulf Coast of Florida. See if any money from the various locations in your geoprofile was wired to or from there. That's a beautiful nudge. Thank you. At Morpheus' first art piece in Detroit, we found a distinctive blue chalk spray with a UV-resistant fixative.

He used the same material in New Orleans several years ago. I checked to see if he ordered it from the same outlet or found a similar source nearby. Uh-huh. This possible associate hasn't announced himself either. Means he may have reason to hide. Cross check any names you get with those who have done prison time or have outstanding warrants.

Okay. I am on it, she said, with confidence. Okay. Let's get back to the PD. We have a lot of work to do.

I've been Corrine Wallace sightings from Mexico to Nova Scotia. People are well-meaning. How are the parents? Well, it's been tough. They've gone to a hotel to try to get some sleep. It's strange. What is? The Marcus Ivey crime scene in the bassinet next to the body, there's a small blue blanket. What about it? I've seen it before.

Here, in the car, barbecue art. What is it, Garcia? I found him. Morpheus's associate, or assistant, or whatever. Corey Marlin. What makes you so sure? Well, you said Gulf Coast of Florida. He's from Tampa. He was in prison for four years for beating a guy half to death in a bar fight.

He has a bunch of outstanding worms from forever ago when he was in prison. He took a painting, said he wanted to become an artist. Ooh, and the timeline matches too. Marlin fell to the face of the earth in 2007. Right when Morpheus showed up. If Morpheus has an associate, this has got to be our guy. Never mind associate. Could Cory Marlin actually be Morpheus? Oh, well, that's doubtful. Uh, Marlin's work might have allowed him to sell Block C, but he doesn't have the artistic chops that Morpheus does.

He did, however, wire money from an account in Sarasota to locations that match the movements of Morpheus. Every week, like, clockwork. Maybe the association ended. At the same time the killing began. I'm sending all this to you right now. Thanks, Garcia.

It took me a little while to find them. This one's from the Marcus Ivey crime scene. And this one is from the burnt-out car art piece Morpheus did a couple of months ago.

It's two halves of the same blanket. It's weird though. I mean, we know Morpheus was responsible for the burnt out car art piece. His signature was real and he claimed credit for it on his encrypted social media site. The Marcus Ivey murder was done by an imposter.

So how did two pieces of the same blanket end up in both locations? Cory Marlin would have had access to Morpheus' materials. Agent Hatcher, there's a call about the missing baby. I think you should take this one. It's on line three.

Hello? This is Agent Aaron Hotchner. Who is this? If you want to find the child, go to 325 West Warren. Who is this? 325 West Warren. You have 30 minutes.

Lewis, let's go.

It's a login code.

Agent Hotchner. Who's this? This is Morpheus.

Do you have Corinne Wallace? No. That's why I wanted to speak with you. I want to help. How do we know you're the real Morpheus? Right now, all you need to know is that I would never hurt a child. This is Agent Lewis. You're asking us to take a lot on faith.

Why would I intentionally expose myself to the FBI? I came to Detroit two months ago. I've only made three works since I've been here. I don't know who killed those men or who took the baby. Is there anyone else who could have access to your art materials? Nobody.

Not even Corey Marlin.

Did he commit these crimes? Absolutely not. You seem pretty certain. I know him. He was my partner. But the partnership's over. Yes. Why do you want to know about my materials? You used a piece of blue blanket in your first work in Detroit. What is this about? We have the other piece of that blanket. It's not possible. It's true. I've told you enough.

He certainly hit a nerve. What are you thinking? What struck me was the concern for the child above all else. And did you notice the cadence in the speech pattern? I think Morpheus is all in.

Hey, talk to me. Any progress, baby girl? Morpheus as a female helps, but there are over 50 women in the Gulf Coast that went missing during that time period. Did any of these missing women have an art school background?

Checking art galleries, museum employees, related fields like graphic design. Okay, I'm all over this. You know, Corey Marlin could still be our unsub. There's another possibility here. Morpheus is the unsub. Has always been the unsub. Because? Morpheus' career has been about manipulation. You look that way...

I'll go this way. Rossi, you really believe that? No. I still like Corey Marlon Ford. When in doubt, go with the guy with the long prison record.
